So you are my mother
That's right, mom.
Don't you forget that.
you
Do you know how hard it has been for me to find you all these years?
My son!
I miss you so much!
Mom
Mom thought
My mom has been absent from you for so long
Mom feels sorry for you
No, actually, my adoptive mother was pretty good to me
It's just that in the days before I paid her debt
You're on.
sister
The child has been discharged from the hospital in the past two days, and he is covered in injuries.
What to run around
Is that possible?
Scum already knows where he's from
I don't think so either.
I guess he couldn't accept it for a while and left first
What should we do now?
Mom
or
You find a chance to sit down with him and have a good talk
Good boy
You are so generous
My dad is going back today.
Go to me to find Jiangnan
Jiangnan
uncle
Oh mom, come to Uncle Jiangnan
You still have the box on you.
Why don't you stay in the hospital?
Your mother is still waiting for you, he is not my mother
He is Lin Wenli's mother
How can you say such a sad thing?
My sister has cared for you for so many years
That's all fake
I know it's you.
So I can't take someone else's mother's love anymore
Chasing you
Even if you haven't seen Tiannan, don't leave